Add Bitbucket Labs (#48)
actions/importer-labs: bitbucket/2-audit.md

# Perform an audit of Bitbucket

In this lab, you will use the `audit` command to get a high-level view of all pipelines in your Bitbucket workspace.

The `audit` command will perform the following steps:

1. Fetch all of the pipelines in the Bitbucket workspace.
2. Convert each pipeline to its equivalent GitHub Actions workflow(s).
3. Generate a report that summarizes how complete and complex of a migration is possible with GitHub Actions Importer.

## Prerequisites

1. Followed the steps [here](./readme.md#configure-your-codespace) to set up your GitHub Codespaces environment.
2. Completed the [configure lab](./1-configure.md#configuring-credentials).

## Perform an audit

Answer the following questions before running this command:

1. What workspace do you want to audit?

>     - __actions-importer__. In this example you will be auditing the `actions-importer` workspace.

Author: I just rephrased it a bit. Hopefully it is better?   I was apprehensive about adding another disclaimer about how we are using source files because I don't think that should be the focus of the lab.

2. Where do you want to store the result?
    - __tmp/audit__.  This can be any path within the working directory from which GitHub Actions Importer commands are executed.

### Steps

1. Navigate to the codespace terminal.
2. Run the following command from the root directory:

    ```bash
    gh actions-importer audit bitbucket --output-dir tmp/audit --workspace actions-importer --config-file-path bitbucket/bootstrap/config.yml
    ```

>     > Note: The use of --config-file-path is specific to this lab exercise, and it's not necessary unless you intend to perform an audit solely on local files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > Note: The `--config-file-path` option is not required and is used throughout these labs to convert files that are stored locally. This can be omitted and GitHub Actions Importer will programmatically fetch pipelines using the Bitbucket REST APIs.
```

>     > Note: The `--config-file-path` option is not required and is used throughout these labs to convert files that are stored locally. This can be omitted and GitHub Actions Importer will programmatically fetch pipelines using the Bitbucket REST APIs.

Reviewer 2: Whatever wording we update this to (mine or something else) should be copied through to the other files that have this note. I'm avoiding commenting on all of them so we can go back and forth on wording in this thread.
